Update for Rescript with some new points (#5)
avohq/reasonml-code-style-guide: README.md

# The Avo Rescript Style Guide

> At [Avo](https://github.com/avohq) we use Rescript as our primary programming language. To allow the development team to deliver better code and reviews, we've come up with a set of guidelines:

Reviewer: Should we use avo.app link instead of github?

Author: I'm up for that!
```suggestion
At [Avo](https://www.avo.app/) we use Rescript as our primary programming language. To allow the development team to deliver better code and reviews, we've come up with a set of guidelines:
```

1. File names, just like modules, should be in PascalCase: `EventsList.res`

> 1. Define meaningful types for every variant and polymorphic variant you introduce. For example, when defining `MergeBranch` you would create `type branchName = string` and the definition would look like: `MergeBranch(branchName)` instead of `MergeBranch(string)`

Reviewer: Every point tuned out to be 1. 😄

Author: Haha yeah. It's a funny feature of markdown—they'll end up correctly numbered and this allows you to more easily re-arrange them without having to re-number every item. What do you think?

Reviewer: Oh really? Confusing, but let's keep it then
